Built by Christopher Mark, the great-grandson of Chicago steel tycoon Clayton Mark Senior, this impressive gothic structure took seven years to complete. Known as Chrismark Castle, the home has eight bedrooms, a moat, and once housed exotic animals including a zebra, emus, and camels.
The 28,000-square-foot estate has eight bedrooms and 12 baths. The home also has an indoor lap pool, a sophisticated library complete with spiral staircase, and is filled with exquisite chandeliers.
The Chateau has an incredible mosaic tile floored foyer, an elevator which takes you up to the conservatory, a state-of-the-art entrainment pavilion, and an outdoor kitchen with a pizza oven.
Inspired by France’s Chateau de Chambord, this 14,000 square foot custom estate is located just outside of Washington, DC and is surrounded by more than two acres of National Forest. The home has a gourmet outdoor kitchen, wine grotto, pool, and a 5-car garage.
A medieval-style manor in Sunset Beach, CA has parapets, turrets, and gothic arches. The home has a total of 8,000 square feet spread across three stories. The beachfront castle also has a gourmet kitchen, a private beach-view bubbling spa, a sauna, and two kitchens.
Located in Asheville, NC, this French castle is surrounded by lush greenery, and has a golf course as the backyard. The interior of the castle is just as luxurious, and comes complete with a Roman spa, an entrainment area, a wine tasting room, 4 kitchens, and a indoor entertainment theater.
This Austin home is located on 2.74 acres of the exclusive waterfront community of Costa Bella in Austin, TX. The 13,600 square foot home has seven bedrooms, nine baths, two pools, a chef’s country French kitchen, 1,600-bottle wine room, and a private boat dock.
The 16,000-square-foot limestone estate in Dallas, TX was designed by the architectural team of Lloyd Lumpkins, Jeff Salmo, and Harold Leidner. The home has finishes such as copper gutters and black walnut patterned flooring that are reminiscent of the Palace of Versailles. The property has extensive landscaped gardens, a 30-foot entry rotunda, a rose garden, and a wine cellar and tasting room.
This private French Chateau sits on over two acres of land in Greenwich, Connecticut. The 13,000-square-foot home has a cherry-paneled library with herringbone floors, five custom-carved marble fireplaces, and a 4,600-square-foot backyard terrace that has a heated pool and spa.
Built in the 1920s by famed architect Bradly Delehany, this historic estate has recently been restored to its authentic French Renaissance styled Chateau. The multi-million dollar interior and exterior restoration made sure the home lived up to its original glory. The historic “Thornwood” estate has 9,000 square feet of custom craftsmanship, gold leaf painting, and ceiling frescos.
